Hi this is DM_toolkit project. Below are the project run steps

1. install all the dependencies:
    a. json {for reading and manupulation of JSON file}
    b. sqlalchemy {for sql and engine}
    c. simple_salesforce {for salesforce related activity}
    d. Pandas {Data Manupulation}
    e. concurrent.futures


DataSet:
Connection.py:
We had created a python script called Connection.py which will connect sql, salesforce to python and validate the credientials.
this is also usefull to validate the linked services.
You can use this script to connect to your own salesforce or sql database.

Object_selection.py:
We have created a python script called Object_selection.py which will allow you to select the salesforce object you want to work with.

org_selection.py:
in line number 2,
add your new/updated org name which is already update in linkedservice.json
We have created a python script called org_selection.py which will allow you to select the salesforce org you want to work with.


linkedservices:
we have created linkedservices.json file for storing linked services like salesforce and sql.
You can add your own linked services in this file and use them in the project.


Schema-Level Validation:
We have implemented schema-level validation for Salesforce objects. The validation checks include:
Rules for validation:
1. Field should not be Null.
2. Unique col should be Unique(No duplicate Record will allowed).
3. Email validation
4. data format validation
5. Picklist validation
6. data type validation
7. Required field validation
8. Reference field validation (if the field is reference to another object, it should exist in that object).


Custom Validation using GenAI:
We have implemented custom validation for Salesforce objects. The validation checks include:
1. Custom rules was defined in salesforce object. First we will fetch the rules  and save as validation.csv using Validation_rules.py file.
2. Once we have the rules, we convert validation rules Error Formula into python based syntax (Appex to Python) using GenAI_Validation.py file.
3. GenAI_Validation.py file will Generate 2 python file in Validation Bundle given below:
   a. bundle.py: This file will convert the Appex code into python redable formate and create a validation function.
   b. validator.py: This file will validate data based upon selection of input data file and validation function called from bundle.py.
4. GenAI_Validation.py will create 2 folder:
    a. Validation Bundle: This folder will contain the generated python files for validation.
    b. Validation Data: This folder will contain the validation rules fetched from Salesforce.
5. ValidatedData folder contain Raw Data, Validated Data, Success and Failure files.


Mapping document:
We also created a mapping document for salesforce object by using Mapping.py file.
This python file will generate a mapping document in the form of json file.
Once we got data or we already have data, then we can update (Manually).

We can also use this mapping document to load data into salesforce using dataload.py file.


Other Tools:
data_load2sql.py
This file will load data into sql database from csv or excel file or salesforce query.



Pros:
We can fetch data from sql/csv and create pandas.
We can extract salesforce data and load it into sql or stored as excel/csv file.


Future task:
data will be coming from azure, mongo, gdrive (csv/excel) that also can be handle. 

Key Features:
User can select data source.
User can switch data points. 
User can Create Mapping document for particular object (given instruction by user).
User can validate data.



How to run this project:
1. Org selection file first run.
2. run validation.py file for validate data and linked services.
3. if you have other salesforce cred or sql cred, just stored it into linkedservices.json file and put enteries in list of org_selection
4. based upon your changes, you can check your linked service and do other operation like validate data, unit testing your data and migrate data.